h1. rah_cache

"Packagist":https://packagist.org/packages/rah/rah_cache | "Issues":https://github.com/gocom/rah_cache/issues

Rah_cache is a simple, experimental full-page caching plugin for "Textpattern CMS":https://textpattern.com. It caches Texpattern's dynamic pages as flat files, and is intended as a building block rather than full caching suite. Among many missing features, it doesn't do any cache management, or flushing. It doesn't check if site's content is newer than cache. Instead, it just writes pages to cache, and serves pages. Rest is up to the two callbacks the plugin comes with.

h2. Install

p. Using "Composer":https://getcomposer.org:

bc. $ composer require rah/rah_cache

h2. Configure

p. Configuration happens through your @config.php@, located in @textpattern@ install directory. The plugin comes with @Rah_Cache_Config@ class which you will be using to configure the plugin, and @Rah_Cache_Handler@ that handles the cache. To configure the plugin extend or create a new instance of @Rah_Cache_Config@ and pass it to @Rah_Cache_Handler@:

bc.. require dirname(dirname(__DIR__)) . '/vendor/autoload.php';

class My_Site_Cache_Config extends \Rah_Cache_Config
{
    public $path = '/path/to/your/write/able/cache/directory';
}

new \Rah_Cache_Handler(new \My_Site_Cache_Config);

p. Place the above to your configuration file (@textpattern/config.php@).

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.2.0 - 2013/07/21

* Added: Pass HTTP headers to @rah_cache.store@ event handlers.

h3. Version 0.1.2 - 2013/07/21

* Fixed: Content-type extractions from sent HTTP headers.

h3. Version 0.1.1 - 2013/07/21

* Fixed: Issue with timezone offsets.

h3. Version 0.1.0 - 2013/07/21

* Initial release.
